<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">


    <head>
        <title>Multi Farm</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Fish Farm</h1>
        <p>Types of Culture</p>
        <p>Name of speies of several cultured fish/fishes</p>
        <h2>Job description of the employees</h2>
        <p>Section wise</p>
        <h1>Cattle Farm</h1>
        <p>Dairy Farm</p>
        <p>Ox Farm</p>
        <h1>Poultry Farm</h1>
        <h2>Library</h2>
        <p>
          Collections are identified by evaluating and analyzing several data in digital libraries. Collections are developed by taking different collaborative projects with the help of community collaboration and library consortia with proper planning/policy and using software. Proper planning, selection of materials and collection evaluation are needed for collection development. Target group may affect the development of collection in many ways such as by their need to a specific item, by the document format they require, by their socio-economic status etc. Collection development can be affected by chronological needs of users and target group also. The size of target group (narrow or large) can also affect collection development. The target group of my selected library (Open Textbook Library) is comparatively narrow, principally merely students; hence it is easier to develop collections in this library. If a writer refuses to copyright his or her book, insisting that anyone be able to use it; then it is easier to develop the collection. In my selected library, all the contents and images of textbooks are openly licensed (eg.CC BY license). Due to lack of financial support, it is hard to develop collections. To build, organize and develop a digital library, patrons must be ethically strong.
      </p>

      <p>
        Collection in ‘Open Textbook Library’ is supported and developed by Open Education Network (OEN). The contents in this library are properly processed, organized, developed, and controlled by appropriate faculties as per needed. The documents are chosen for inclusion in digital libraries based on user needs, value and demand, infrastructure, technical feasibility, copyright etc. The Textbooks to be included in ‘Open Textbook Library’ must have some criteria such as contents must be a complete textbook and would be obtainable as complete portable file. The document formats such as text, photograph and audiovisual material are chosen and available in the digital libraries. Because certain formats may be read by people in different ways. Also, sight and hearing-impaired people need certain formats. In my selected library, the ‘Text’ has been chosen as document format. The cause is the collections in this library are only different Textbooks and its target group is mainly students and teachers. There are a lot of scopes of digital collections considering thematic, chronological and linguistic situations. Collections regarding different subjects and title in different languages are required by different users. Even user needs are changed based on changing time. Materials in digital libraries are described in many ways such as by cataloging, making different databases, making digital archive etc. In the Open Textbook Library, materials have been described by department and subject wise considering available textbooks. Metadata vocabularies such as catalog, subject code, subject heading, writer, title, distributer, address, signature etc. are in used. Patrons can find several information on an individual item and collection such as what about the item is, writer of the item, publisher of the item, information about collection condition and quality etc. Different types (category) of libraries normally have different user groups. For example, students and teachers are the main user groups of an Academic Library. Because, an Academic Library has the collections regarding textbooks, journals and materials related to the education of students. 
      </p>


    </body>

</html>